Create pull_request_template.md (#65)
okta/okta-auth-java: .github/pull_request_template.md

> <!-- 
> Before creating an issue or submitting a PR, please check that your issue is not already fixed in the latest stable version and that a similar issue or PR is not reported already (also check closed issues).
> -->
> 
> <!--
> Please help us process GitHub Issues faster by providing the following information.
> 
> Note: If you have a question about your entire application or use case, please post it on the Okta Developer Forum (https://devforum.okta.com) instead. For urgent issues contact support@okta.com. Issues in this repository are reserved for bug reports and feature requests.
> -->
> 
> <!--
> For Security related issues, please fill the below section.
> -->
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--
For Security Vulnerabilities, please see https://www.okta.com/vulnerability-reporting-policy/ or contact security@okta.com
-->

<!--
Before creating an issue or submitting a PR, please check that your issue is not already fixed in the latest stable version and that a similar issue or PR is not reported already (also check closed issues).

Please help us process GitHub Issues faster by providing the following information.

Note: If you have a question about your entire application or use case, please post it on the Okta Developer Forum (https://devforum.okta.com) instead. For urgent issues contact support@okta.com. Issues in this repository are reserved for bug reports and feature requests.
-->
```
